docs: migration 0.29 to 0.30 (#808)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/migrations/v0.29-v0.30.md

The signing property is now based on a `globalSignaturePolicy` option instead of the previous `signMessages` and `strictSigning` options. The default to strict signing pubsub messages was kept, but if you would like to disable it, the properties should be changed as follows:

**Before**

```js
const Gossipsub = require('libp2p-gossipsub')
const Libp2p = require('libp2p')

const libp2p = await Libp2p.create({
  modules: {
    // ... Add required modules according to the Configuration docs
    pubsub: Gossipsub
  },
  config: {
    pubsub: {
      signMessages: false,
      strictSigning: false
    }
  }
})
```

**After**

```js
const Gossipsub = require('libp2p-gossipsub')
const { SignaturePolicy } = require('libp2p-interfaces/src/pubsub/signature-policy')
const Libp2p = require('libp2p')

const libp2p = await Libp2p.create({
  modules: {
    // ... Add required modules according to the Configuration docs
    pubsub: Gossipsub
  },
  config: {
    pubsub: {
      globalSignaturePolicy: SignaturePolicy.StrictNoSign
    }
  }
})
```

### Addresses

> Libp2p has supported `noAnnounce` addresses configuration for some time now. However, it did not came with the best developer experience. In this release, we dropped the `noAnnounce` configuration property in favor of an `announceFilter` property function.

Author: ```suggestion
Libp2p has supported `noAnnounce` addresses configuration for some time now. However, it did not provide the best developer experience. In this release, we dropped the `noAnnounce` configuration property in favor of an `announceFilter` property function.
```

**Before**

```js
const Libp2p = require('libp2p')

> // ... Create/Load PeerId
> 
> const libp2p = await Libp2p.create({
>   modules: {
>     // ... Add required modules according to the Configuration docs
>   },
>   peerId,
>   addresses: {
>     listen: ['/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000/ws'],
>     noAnnounce: ['/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000/ws'],
>   }
> })

Reviewer: `peerID` isn't necessary in here, nor is modules. I would just truncate for simplicity:
```suggestion
const libp2p = await Libp2p.create({
  addresses: {
    listen: ['/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000/ws'],
    noAnnounce: ['/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000/ws'],
  },
  // ... additional configuration per the Configuration docs
})
```

```

**After**

```js
const Libp2p = require('libp2p')

// Libp2p utils has several multiaddr utils you can leverage
const isPrivate = require('libp2p-utils/src/multiaddr/is-private')

> 
> // ... Create/Load PeerId
> 
> const libp2p = await Libp2p.create({
>   modules: {
>     // ... Add required modules according to the Configuration docs
>   },
>   peerId,
>   addresses: {
>     listen: ['/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000/ws'],
>     // Filter function: (ma: Array<multiaddr>) => Array<multiaddr>
>     announceFilter: (multiaddrs) => multiaddrs.filter(m => !isPrivate(m))
>   }
> })

Reviewer: same thing here

```suggestion

const libp2p = await Libp2p.create({
  addresses: {
    listen: ['/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000/ws'],
    // Filter function: (ma: Array<multiaddr>) => Array<multiaddr>
    announceFilter: (multiaddrs) => multiaddrs.filter(m => !isPrivate(m))
  },
  // ... additional configuration per the Configuration docs
})
```

```

It is important pointing out another change regarding address advertising. This is not an API breaking change, but it might have influence on your libp2p setup.
Previously, when using the addresses `announce` property, its multiaddrs were concatenated with the `listen` multiaddrs and then they were filtered out by the `noAnnounce` multiaddrs, in order to create the list of multiaddrs to advertise. 

> In `libp2p@0.30`, we are taking the same approach as `go-libp2p` and if `announce` addresses are provided, only them are used for advertising. If no addresses are provided, the advertised addresses will be the `listen` addresses filtered out by the `announceFilter` (if provided).

Reviewer: I think it might be helpful to also reword this section to itemize it for clarity:
```suggestion
In `libp2p@0.30` the logic now operates as follows:

- If `announce` addresses are provided, only they will be announced (no filters are applied)
- If `announce` is not provided, the transport addresses will be filtered (if a filter is provided)
  - if the `announceFilter` is provide it will be passed the transport addresses
```
